README.md, before:



![Njlogo-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8557954-122b-4f95-8afb-d04c41d9803a) <br>
A **vanilla-like joker expansion mod** with references <br>to my favorite *youtube/twitch creators, tv shows* and<br> whatever other jokers I draw for fun!<br>
***Requires [latest version of Steamodded](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods/wiki)***
### Bugs? Feedback?<br> Report here: [Google Form](https://forms.gle/Riyai7krZrmHRfsJ8)


# About Me
![AneatoHiBWNEW2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f1b6ded-700a-432e-b323-a8b4f6ded044) I'm Neato! I'm a pixel artist and part-time streamer.

I drew all the jokers for this mod over the course of of a year. You may have seen them on my [twitter](https://x.com/NEAT0QUEEN), [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/neatoqueen/submitted/) or [bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/neato.live). <br> 
I plan to keep making more jokers and adding them in batches of 15! 



My pixel art is featured in Balatro! You can find me in the credits of the game. <br>
I am responsible for the **Slay the Spire**, **Binding of Isaac** and **Shovel Knight** friends of Jimbo collabs 

<details> 
<summary> Click to check out my Friends of Jimbo! </summary>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f6044581-e256-400b-adbc-b60586119820" alt="Neato FoJs">
</details>

Follow me on [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/neato)! 
*I stream my pixel art process, Balatro, Rocket League and other roguelikes a couple times a week.*

You can also find more of my joker art in these other vanilla-like mods
- [ExtraCredit by Balatro University Community](https://github.com/GuilloryCraft/ExtraCredit/tree/main)
- [Cosmos Mod by Cosmos](https://github.com/neatoqueen/Cosmos)

## ADDITIONS ![neatoPoker2-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/52341aeb-17cc-405a-ad6b-a756c2ebeec8)


<details> 
<summary> Creator Jokers </summary>
- Frosted Prime Rib <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnrdFUk_XfPJooztStcHG4g">Frost Prime</a><br>
- Lock In Joker <a href="https://www.youtube.com/NorthernLion">Northernlion</a><br>
- Unpaid Intern <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@stanz">Stanz</a><br>
- JokerZD <a href=https://www.youtube.com/@ProZD">ProZD</a>
</details>

<details>
<summary> Arrested Development Jokers </summary>
- Blue Myself <br>
- Banana Stand <br>
- Ice Cream Sandwich <br>
- Spare Cutoffs 
</details>

<details>
<summary> Always Sunny in Philadelphia Jokers </summary>
- Wild Card Charlie <br>
- Dayman <br>
- Nightman
</details>

<details>
<summary> Animal Jokers </summary>
- Dogs Playing Balatro <br>
- Australian Shepard Dog <br>
- Tabby Cat
</details>

<details>
<summary> Misc. Jokers </summary>
- Hatsune Joku <br>
</details>

## PROGRAMMERS
![HorseNice-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cedfbcf-3c7f-4ca8-b773-0cb194583fe4) Larswijn <br>
![alexMine-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2eca34a-8161-461a-ab0e-a64afa56d728) Lia_Fr0st

## RECOMMENDED MODS
- [Card Sleeves by Larswijn](https://github.com/larswijn/CardSleeves) *New tech*
- [Paperback by PaperMoon](https://github.com/GitNether/paperback) *vanilla-ish*
- [Bunco by Firch](https://github.com/Firch/Bunco) *vanilla-style*
- [kcvanilla by krackocloud](https://github.com/kcgidw/kcvanilla) *vanilla-style*
- [Virtues by someone23832](https://github.com/someone23832/Virtues) *vanilla-ish*

Commit message:

Add installation instructions to readme

README.md, after:

![Njlogo-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8557954-122b-4f95-8afb-d04c41d9803a) <br>
A **vanilla-like joker expansion mod** with references <br>to my favorite *youtube/twitch creators, tv shows* and<br> whatever other jokers I draw for fun!<br>
### Bugs? Feedback?<br> Report here: [Google Form](https://forms.gle/Riyai7krZrmHRfsJ8)

# Installation
Requires `steamodded-1.0.0~ALPHA-1324a` or newer - [link](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods/wiki).

Get the latest stable version of NeatoJokers from the [Releases](https://github.com/neatoqueen/NeatoJokers/releases/latest), then download and extract the zip.

If you get a "Failed to detect NeatoJokers lovely patches" error, make sure your folders aren't nested (a `neato-jokers-mod` folder inside a `neato-jokers-mod` folder).

# About Me
![AneatoHiBWNEW2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f1b6ded-700a-432e-b323-a8b4f6ded044) I'm Neato! I'm a pixel artist and part-time streamer.

I drew all the jokers for this mod over the course of of a year. You may have seen them on my [twitter](https://x.com/NEAT0QUEEN), [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/neatoqueen/submitted/) or [bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/neato.live). <br> 
I plan to keep making more jokers and adding them in batches of 15!


My pixel art is featured in Balatro! You can find me in the credits of the game. <br>
I am responsible for the **Slay the Spire**, **Binding of Isaac** and **Shovel Knight** friends of Jimbo collabs 

<details> 
<summary> Click to check out my Friends of Jimbo! </summary>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f6044581-e256-400b-adbc-b60586119820" alt="Neato FoJs">
</details>

Follow me on [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/neato)! 
*I stream my pixel art process, Balatro, Rocket League and other roguelikes a couple times a week.*

You can also find more of my joker art in these other vanilla-like mods
- [ExtraCredit by Balatro University Community](https://github.com/GuilloryCraft/ExtraCredit/tree/main)
- [Cosmos Mod by Cosmos](https://github.com/neatoqueen/Cosmos)

## ADDITIONS ![neatoPoker2-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/52341aeb-17cc-405a-ad6b-a756c2ebeec8)


<details> 
<summary> Creator Jokers </summary>
- Frosted Prime Rib <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnrdFUk_XfPJooztStcHG4g">Frost Prime</a><br>
- Lock In Joker <a href="https://www.youtube.com/NorthernLion">Northernlion</a><br>
- Unpaid Intern <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@stanz">Stanz</a><br>
- JokerZD <a href=https://www.youtube.com/@ProZD">ProZD</a>
</details>

<details>
<summary> Arrested Development Jokers </summary>
- Blue Myself <br>
- Banana Stand <br>
- Ice Cream Sandwich <br>
- Spare Cutoffs 
</details>

<details>
<summary> Always Sunny in Philadelphia Jokers </summary>
- Wild Card Charlie <br>
- Dayman <br>
- Nightman
</details>

<details>
<summary> Animal Jokers </summary>
- Dogs Playing Balatro <br>
- Australian Shepard Dog <br>
- Tabby Cat
</details>

<details>
<summary> Misc. Jokers </summary>
- Hatsune Joku <br>
</details>

## PROGRAMMERS
![HorseNice-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cedfbcf-3c7f-4ca8-b773-0cb194583fe4) Larswijn <br>
![alexMine-export](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2eca34a-8161-461a-ab0e-a64afa56d728) Lia_Fr0st

## RECOMMENDED MODS
- [Card Sleeves by Larswijn](https://github.com/larswijn/CardSleeves) *New tech*
- [Paperback by PaperMoon](https://github.com/GitNether/paperback) *vanilla-ish*
- [Bunco by Firch](https://github.com/Firch/Bunco) *vanilla-style*
- [kcvanilla by krackocloud](https://github.com/kcgidw/kcvanilla) *vanilla-style*
- [Virtues by someone23832](https://github.com/someone23832/Virtues) *vanilla-ish*
